These old letters from years ago
I felt it was leading to a...
When I wrote this letter I may have finally been able to address how it feels.

Another brick-red room
Another black-top town.
Another misspelled band burning their own houses down
Another pine-box tune to fill the cemetery dead.
Another star, a touch of orange over purgatory gray
Another thorny field to scatter fruitless seed.
Another song that runs too long
God knows no one needs more misguided ghosts.
More transparent hands to drop a nickel in our basket and we'll do our riot! dance beneath another burning sky
Behind our painted lips in scores catatonic smile-covered ankle-bitten ships.
So throw your pedestal of stone in the forgetful sea as protection from the paper-thin
Perfection you project on me when this repetition ends behind the window shades.
A semi-conscious sorrow sleeping in the bed I've made
That most unrestful bed.
That most original of sins and you'll say that's what I get when I let ambition win again
I'd hate to let you down so I'll let the waters rise and drown my dull reflection in the naive expectation in your eyes back in a cast bit-part
Back when I felt most free.
I had a butcher's heart and no one thought they knew me
So before the regiment resumes.
Before the dreaded sun appears.
My driver's waiting so let's make one point crystal clear:
You see a flood-lit form.
I see a shirt design.
I'm no savior of yours and you're no friend of mine
You're no friend of mine.
You're no friend of mine.
I'm no savior of yours and you're no friend of mine
You see a flood-lit form.
I see a shirt design.
I'm no savior of yours and you're no friend of mine

I see myself in the reflection of people's eyes
Realizing what they see may not be even close to the image I see in myself.
And I hate I might actually be more afraid...
I feel like they know the story.
I saw a bear floating in the river and thought it was a fur coat
Twelve years ago I stood on the shore.
Jumped in and grab the coat
And the river was rushing toward a waterfall.
And my friend stood at the shore and shouted to let go of the coat and swim back to land
I let go of the coat but the coat won't let go of me.
In any case please let me know if there's more I can give you
If nothing comes of it, then just know we are grateful.
